#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
--find-links https://data.pyg.org/whl/torch-2.4.0+cpu.html

aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.0b0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gql
    #   torch-geometric
    #   web3
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
alabaster==1.0.0
    # via sphinx
alembic==1.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   moonstreamdb
altair==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.6.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gql
    #   httpx
appnope==0.1.4 ; sys_platform == "darwin"
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
atomicwrites==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   local2global-embedding
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.16.0
    # via sphinx
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gql
bitarray==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-account
blessed==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   enlighten
blinker==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   streamlit
botocore==1.35.52
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gql
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
ckzg==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-account
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   flask
    #   pip-tools
    #   streamlit
cloudpickle==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   hyperopt
colorcet==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datashader
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
community==1.0.0b1
    # via -r requirements.in
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cytoolz==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-utils
dask==2024.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datashader
    #   distributed
    #   local2global-embedding
datashader==0.16.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   local2global-embedding
debugpy==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
distributed==2024.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   local2global-embedding
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-markdown-builder
enlighten==1.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   local2global-embedding
eth-abi==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-account
    #   web3
eth-account==0.13.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   web3
eth-hash[pycryptodome]==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-utils
    #   web3
eth-keyfile==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-account
eth-keys==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-keyfile
eth-rlp==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-account
eth-typing==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-abi
    #   eth-keys
    #   eth-utils
    #   web3
eth-utils==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-abi
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-keyfile
    #   eth-keys
    #   eth-rlp
    #   rlp
    #   web3
executing==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   local2global-embedding
    #   torch
flask==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   community
fonttools==4.54.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   torch
    #   torch-geometric
future==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   hyperopt
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
gql[all]==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   raphtory
graphql-core==3.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gql
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
hexbytes==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-rlp
    #   web3
httpcore==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gql
humbug==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nfts
hyperopt==0.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   local2global-embedding
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ilupp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   local2global
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.29.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   pyvis
ipywidgets==8.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   raphtory
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jedi==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   distributed
    #   flask
    #   pydeck
    #   pyvis
    #   sphinx
    #   torch
    #   torch-geometric
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpickle==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyvis
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
llvmlite==0.43.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   numba
    #   pynndescent
local2global @ git+https://github.com/LJeub/Local2Global.git@master
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   local2global-embedding
local2global-embedding @ git+https://github.com/LJeub/Local2Global_embedding@master
    # via -r requirements.in
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   distributed
    #   partd
mako==1.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   local2global
    #   local2global-embedding
    #   raphtory
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdown-it-py
moonstreamdb==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nfts
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   distributed
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multipledispatch==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datashader
narwhals==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   hyperopt
    #   local2global
    #   local2global-embedding
    #   python-louvain
    #   pyvis
    #   raphtory
    #   torch
nfts==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
numba==0.60.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datashader
    #   local2global-embedding
    #   pynndescent
    #   umap-learn
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   datashader
    #   hyperopt
    #   ilupp
    #   local2global
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   python-louvain
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
    #   torch-geometric
    #   umap-learn
    #   xarray
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   build
    #   dask
    #   datashader
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   streamlit
    #   xarray
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datashader
    #   local2global-embedding
    #   nfts
    #   raphtory
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
    #   xarray
param==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datashader
    #   pyct
parsimonious==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-abi
parso==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
partd==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datashader
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
polars==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
prefixed==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   enlighten
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
propcache==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==5.28.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
psutil==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
    #   torch-geometric
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   moonstreamdb
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
py4j==0.10.9.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   hyperopt
pyarrow==15.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   raphtory
    #   streamlit
pycryptodome==3.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-hash
    #   eth-keyfile
pyct==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datashader
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-account
    #   web3
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pymetis==2023.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   local2global-embedding
pynndescent==0.5.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   umap-learn
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   torch-geometric
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pytest==8.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   local2global
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-louvain==0.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   local2global-embedding
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyunormalize==16.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   web3
pyvis==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   raphtory
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   distributed
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
raphtory==0.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.9.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   parsimonious
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   community
    #   datashader
    #   gql
    #   humbug
    #   nfts
    #   raphtory
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   sphinx
    #   streamlit
    #   torch-geometric
    #   web3
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gql
rich==13.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
rlp==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-rlp
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-learn==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   local2global
    #   local2global-embedding
    #   pynndescent
    #   umap-learn
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datashader
    #   hyperopt
    #   ilupp
    #   local2global
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
    #   torch-cluster
    #   torch-sparse
    #   umap-learn
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   local2global-embedding
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asttokens
    #   blessed
    #   hyperopt
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   distributed
sphinx==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx-markdown-builder
sphinx-markdown-builder==0.6.7
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   moonstreamdb
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
streamlit==1.39.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via sphinx-markdown-builder
tblib==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   distributed
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
toolz==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cytoolz
    #   dask
    #   datashader
    #   distributed
    #   partd
torch==2.5.1 ; sys_platform == "darwin"
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   local2global-embedding
torch-cluster==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   local2global-embedding
torch-geometric==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   local2global-embedding
torch-scatter==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   local2global-embedding
torch-sparse==0.6.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   local2global-embedding
torch-spline-conv==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   local2global-embedding
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   streamlit
tqdm==4.66.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   hyperopt
    #   local2global-embedding
    #   nfts
    #   torch-geometric
    #   umap-learn
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
types-requests==2.32.0.20241016
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   web3
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   altair
    #   eth-typing
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   torch
    #   web3
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
umap==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   local2global-embedding
umap-learn==0.5.7
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   distributed
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
watchdog==5.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   blessed
    #   prompt-toolkit
web3==7.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nfts
websockets==11.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gql
    #   web3
werkzeug==3.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
wheel==0.44.0
    # via pip-tools
widgetsnbextension==4.0.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
xarray==2024.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datashader
yarl==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   gql
zict==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   distributed
zipp==3.20.2
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
